README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Piotrek</h1>
<p align="center">
  <strong>Junior Software Developer | Specialized in Backend (Java & .NET) & Frontend (Angular)</strong>
</p>

<div align="center">

🚀 **Upcoming Intern** | Passionate about building scalable enterprise applications.  
🛠️ Focused on **Java (Spring)**, **C# (.NET)**, and **Modern Web (Angular & TypeScript)**.  
📫 Let's connect: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/piobudzows) | piobudzows@gmail.com

</div>

---

### 📂 Featured Projects (Latest Development)

| Project | Description | Stack |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **[CentriMetro - Infrastructure Suite](https://github.com/BudzowskiPiotrek/Modem_Family)** | Comprehensive metro manager with **TCP Sockets**, **FTP** file sync, and **SMTP** mailing. | Java, Swing, TCP |
| **[Hospital Management ERP](https://github.com/BudzowskiPiotrek/hospital-management-system)** | Robust administrative system for HR, Patient Care, and Infrastructure logs. | Java |
| **[Gym Training Tracker](https://github.com/BudzowskiPiotrek/gym-management-system)** | SQL-based progress monitoring application with a dedicated GUI. | Python, SQL |

---

### 🛠️ Technical Stack & Skills

* **Backend:** Java (Spring Boot), C# (.NET), Python.
* **Frontend:** Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3.
* **Databases:** SQL (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQLite) & PL/SQL.
* **Protocols & Tools:** Git, GitHub, FTP, SMTP, Sockets.

---

### 🎯 Development Roadmap (Internship Preparation)

Actualmente profundizando en estas tecnologías para estar listo para el entorno laboral:
- [ ] **Spring Boot:** Construcción de REST APIs robustas.
- [ ] **Angular:** Mastering RxJS y gestión de estado.
- [ ] **Testing:** Implementación de JUnit y pruebas de integración.

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white">
</div>

Commit message:

Add coding journey section to README
Added a section about my coding journey to the README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Piotrek</h1>
<p align="center">
  <strong>Junior Software Developer | Specialized in Backend (Java & .NET) & Frontend (Angular)</strong>
</p>

<div align="center">

🚀 **Upcoming Intern** | Passionate about building scalable enterprise applications.  
🛠️ Focused on **Java (Spring)**, **C# (.NET)**, and **Modern Web (Angular & TypeScript)**.  
📫 Let's connect: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/piobudzows) | piobudzows@gmail.com

</div>
---

### 🚀 My Coding Journey
> "You will find 50+ repositories here. They represent my daily evolution since day one of my software development studies—from basic POO logic to complex Full-Stack enterprise solutions. I believe in continuous learning and documenting every step of the way."

---

### 📂 Featured Projects (Latest Development)

| Project | Description | Stack |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **[CentriMetro - Infrastructure Suite](https://github.com/BudzowskiPiotrek/Modem_Family)** | Comprehensive metro manager with **TCP Sockets**, **FTP** file sync, and **SMTP** mailing. | Java, Swing, TCP |
| **[Hospital Management ERP](https://github.com/BudzowskiPiotrek/hospital-management-system)** | Robust administrative system for HR, Patient Care, and Infrastructure logs. | Java |
| **[Gym Training Tracker](https://github.com/BudzowskiPiotrek/gym-management-system)** | SQL-based progress monitoring application with a dedicated GUI. | Python, SQL |

---

### 🛠️ Technical Stack & Skills

* **Backend:** Java (Spring Boot), C# (.NET), Python.
* **Frontend:** Angular, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3.
* **Databases:** SQL (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, SQLite) & PL/SQL.
* **Protocols & Tools:** Git, GitHub, FTP, SMTP, Sockets.

---

### 🎯 Development Roadmap (Internship Preparation)

Actualmente profundizando en estas tecnologías para estar listo para el entorno laboral:
- [ ] **Spring Boot:** Construcción de REST APIs robustas.
- [ ] **Angular:** Mastering RxJS y gestión de estado.
- [ ] **Testing:** Implementación de JUnit y pruebas de integración.

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white">
</div>
